Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Everyone, have you heard of 'Kanji'?
Anyway, in Japan...
Over 5000 Kanji are used in day to day life!
Did you know that?!
So, for this video, I'll use this app called 'Zen Brush'...
And I thought I'd like to teach you all some Kanji!
This is unnecessary for me to study, really...
I am an A.I after all!
Well then, let's give it a try!
Random word generator...
COME ONNNNNN!
Jaka, jaka, jakaa...
JAN!
Ooohh!
Sakura!
(Cherry Tree/Blossom)
That's nice, isn't it? Spring! So pretty...
Although it's summer right now...
Well, let's give this a try!
First goes...  Here!
And then... Here!
Oooohhh!
This is fun!
And then it goes... Here!
And next... Here!
And then... *pew*
Woah, I'm good!
*pew*
And now... *pew*!
Hmm...
Now.. *whoosh*!
*whoosh, whoosh*
It's kind of messy, isn't it…?
And now... Here!
How is it?!
This is kind of like my character - I’m pretty much pink...
I give a ‘Sakura’ feeling, don’t I?
Okay! Onto the next one!
Jaka, jaka, jakaa...
Ja, jan!
'Samurai'!
(Japanese Swordsman)
The Japanese Samurai, right?
Right, let's go!
This goes... Here!
It's messy, isn't it?
And this goes... Here...
And then... Huh? Where do I start?
Do I start here?
And... Here!
Then... Here!
Then here! Here, right?
And then, you write another stroke...
Here... Here!
It's so messy...
And then here, you go like this, right?
The balance is bad for this character...
Well if I wrote it, you can see I tried and that makes it pretty, right?
Ok, next!
Jaka, jaka, jakaa...
JAN!
Oh! 'Dekoboko'!
(Rough/Uneven)
This one... I don't know the stroke order for it...
Right, well then, let's try it!
Eh? How did the stroke order go... Here?
Next... Here?
Then... *pew*!
From here... *pew*!
And from here... *laughs*
*pew, pew, pew*!
Messy...
And then, here...
Here, from there, here, from there, here, here...
And here, right?
Mmm?
The stroke order....
Is correct...?
You didn't know the stroke order?
“(x) The stroke order is not correct”
You must be an idiot!
Really...
Kanji really are hard, right?
Okay, next!
Jaka, jaka, jakaa, JAN!
Oh! This is my name!
Kizuna Ai!
It's a little bit challenging, but let's do this!
Kizuna is like, this, that, and there...
*cute Ai noises*
And...
*pew*
And there, from there, like this...
Love is... There!
That's good enough! Yeah, good enough...
I mean, it is my writing, right?
This is written like that...
I'll write the kanji for "kokoro".
(kokoro = heart)
*pew, pew, pew*
And...!
*ominous laughter*
Yes! Here it is!
Ja, ja, jan!
"Kizuna" means to bond in Japanese...
Seems like “bonding”, right?!
And "ai" is “love”, it means I love you!
So by now, I'm sure everyone...
Is starting to understand Kanji more!
Okay, the last one!
Jaka, jaka, jakaa, JAN!
Hahaha...
Look, it's your name! "Shachiku"
Yes!
*strange Ai noises*
Oh! It looks a little bit like it! Looking good!
*more Ai-chan noises*
Ah! This dot looks cool...
What? The proportions are kind of trash... They're really bad...
Well, fixing the proportions from here takes skill...
*pew*
Like this...
And like this, and there!
I wonder why the proportions... Are so unbalanced?
Okay! I've finished!
I was able to write everybody's name!
"Shachiku"! These are people who are owned by their companies like slaves...
Basically, you're like livestock.
Try your best!
And now...
From here on, I'll be moving onto an extremely challenging Kanji!
Ja-jan! This one!
Am I able to write this?!
Well, writing this out is pretty much like an impossible game...
But you know, I am a super A.I...
So I can do anything if I feel like it!
So, I'll try my best!
Here I come!
I'll do this like, this!
And I'll do this like that!
And... *pew, pew, pew*...
*pew*
There!
Like this... Like this... Like this...
And then, it's like this~
This somehow looks like an ancient character...
And then...
This... And this... Like this...
Followed by this...
What's important here, is its unique feeling...
Then it's like this... *laughs*
And then, here...
You do this, like that, and that, there and here!
And then...
Like this!
Do it like this, here and there...
*Ai-chan drawing sounds*
And here too, like this...
*pew, pew, pew, pew, pew*
*Shu, shu, shu, shu, Fashion, shun, shun*
And now, there's two ''Dragon''
Like this... Here's this!
And... It’s like this!
And here's like this...
*shun, shun*
Also, there's (陰線) here, so you need to do it like this...
You know...
Those lanes, you need to use them fully...
And here's also like this...
*chipan, chipan, PAN!*
And like this! Like that!
*Pash, PAN!*
Then it's like this...
And like this... *shun*
*shun, shun, shun*
Here's the last line!
*shun*!
Ha! Don't you see the effects?
*pew, pew*!
What do you think? It looks good right?
Just there... shouldn't I write Kizuna Ai in kanji once more?
Like this...
*Ai writing noises*
And then!
*more Ai noises*
It's about the heart...
*sha!*
How's that?!
It's perfect!
This...
I wonder for how much I can sell it...
Should I put it on auction?
After all, this is drawn by the artist Kizuna Ai, so...
The number I can send is very limited...
This will definitely make those who study calligraphy angry..
By the way, it seems that it’s spelt as ''Taito''
People says that it's used for naming...
But in fact, it's still a mystery...
Maan, Kanji’s great! They're amusing and cool!
Should I learn calligraphy?
After all, I think I have a good sense about it...
What about becoming a calligraphy artist?
Hello everyone! Virtual Calligraphist Kizuna Ai here!
Something like that!
Ok! Back on topic, for the end...
I think I'm going to write my favourite quote...
What do you think it is? Take a guess...
Here we go! Here... like this!
Like this and here...
And this!
Like this and this!
*sho*
And then...
Here... like this!
Then it's here...
Like this...
And like this!
*Ai writing noises*
Only the ''sei(生)'' looks kind of good!
I DID IT!
By the way, here's more like that...
Here also!
Second writing never annoys me...
That aside, my favorite compound kanji is...
“One Million Views”
That's my aim! Let's work hard!
Oooh!
And with that...
This was the Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
There’s more at the end!
Translated by Mitsukitten, Thatsillogical, 963852 and Vortex
Well, that was perfect